hello today I show you boom and you see
a watch a very interesting video caller
is a Cooper
so this is a balla Mercia hampton cooper
run ogre watch and retail price was
model 4950 almost $5,000 but like
usually online store price much better
in this case this model price around
$1400
looks nice stainless steel case with
brown alligator leather strap
fix it sunny still basil
Cooper deal with silvertone hands and
Arabic numeral our martyrs mint markers
around the outer rim it's a deal type an
arc date display at the six o'clock
position right here chronograph have two
sub deals displaying 60-second and
killing it automatic movement with 42
all power reserve scratch-resistant
sapphire crystal pull and push ground
solid case back
and case dimensions it's it 34
millimeters and 47 millimeters thickness
around 11 millimeters
deployment clasp
water-resistant at 50 meters or 165 feet
watch wave functions run over update
hour minute second not a watch but
without any reminiscent of this deal
suddenly
very interesting polar cuckoo
so thank you for watching Korra video
and please subscribe for YouTube channel
and visit our website I review watches
calm and see you next time bye bye